Updated README to include more information on testing and updating the NPM module. (#16)
guardian/braze-components: README.md

- Interactively ask for a new version number (and create a commit for the
  version change in package.json)
- Publish the new release to NPM

> - Push a single commit to your local version of this repository

Reviewer: How about updating this to something slightly more explicit?

```suggestion
- Push the newly created version bump commit to GitHub
```

Alternatively, I wonder if instead of explaining this as another manual step, maybe we should push automatically as part of running `yarn publishToNPM`? Maybe let's update the instruction for now and mull over automating it (maybe there's a reason not to instantly push 🤔)

Author: That does make sense, I'll update the wording for now to be a bit clearer, and we can look into automatic pushing soon.
